# ICS-Advisory-Project
The ICS Advisory Project is an open-source project to provide clean and usable DHS CISA ICS-CERT Advisory data in Comma Separated Value (CSV) format to support vulnerability analysis that is not easily in the current Advisory HTML format. The ICS-CERT Advisory data will also support the other project goal, which is the ICS Advisory Project: ICS-CERT Advisory Dashboard. This will providing smaller OT/ICS assets owners with a tool they can use to quickly filter view vulnerabilities affecting vendors/products within their environment. This project is by no means a replacement for the original CISA ICS-CERT Advisory and I highly recommend anyone that using this data set to refer to and read them.

While some of this dataset may seem duplicative of CVE data, CISA ICS-CERT Advisories have been providing additional insight that is not provided in a CVE such as Vendor Headquarter locations, Product distributions, and Critical Infrastructure sectors for each vendor product that is valuable to Security and Industry researchers. This data begins to allow us a way to view vulnerabilities across infrastructures, but as you will see, the data still requires work. Part of this effort will be clean-up the Critical infrastructure data to allow filter down to specfic industry sectors such as Energy, Water and Wastewater Treatment, Transportation, and more.

This is a community effort: please contact ICSAdvisoryproject@gmail.com if you are interested in contributing to improve, expand, maintain, and protect this data source. 
